0.  GIF = 256 colors 
    BMP = 256 - 16 million colors 
    JPEG = 16 million colors 
    PNG = 256 colors
    
1.  GIF pictures support animation

2.  Lossless compression algorithms maintain a perfect copy of the 
    original image with no degredation. Lossy compression comprimises 
    the original image quality to some degree (but produce smaller files)
    
3.  JPEG is lossy-compressed

4.  When a file is "deleted" in a FAT file system, only the header is removed.
    The blocks of memory containing the file's data are not overwritten and may be
    recoverable.
    
5.  One method of ensuring that files are not recoverable (without physically
    destroying the disk) would be to overwrite that portion of memory with 0's
    instead of simply removing the pointer to that chunk of space.
    
6.  stdint.h defines typedefs for intN_t, uintN_t, etc. These are 
    signed or unsigned ints that are exactly N bits wide (i.e. int8_t is
    precisely 8-bits wide).
    
7.  These types remove any "padding" bits so that when we can exactly represent
    the bit-size of an object as a data type. for example: int8_t represents
    exactly 8 bits of data, or 1 byte and will not vary across systems.
    
8.  In a 32-bit system, a BYTE is 1 byte, a DWORD is 4 bytes, a LONG is 4 bytes,
    and a WORD is 2 bytes.
    
9.  "BM" in ASCII represents the first 2 bytes of a bitmap header. It identifies
    the type of bitmap.
    
10. bfSize is the size, inbytes of the bitmap file. biSize is the number of bytes
    required by the BITMAPINFOHEADER struct.
    
11. if biHeight in the BITMAPINFOHEADER is negative, the bitmap is arranged
    top-down and it's origin is in the upper-left corner.
    
12. biBitCount represents the color depth or number of bits that represent
    each pixel.
    
13. Outptr could potentially return NULL if there was an error or we were unable
    to create outfile, potentially due to lack of memory.
    
14. The "1" param in fread() represents the count, or maximum number of items to be
    read. As we are spefifying the size of the respective headers in the bmp,
    we only want to read 1 of each.
    
15. padding = 3

16. fseek() moves the file pointer to a specific location given the pointer
    to a file, an offset from origin, and an intial position
    
17. SEEK_CUR is the current position of the pointer for fseek()

18. It's that guy with small tiger cub. Maybe a cat.
